content: Add Source Track Level definitions (#1066)
slsa-framework/slsa: docs/spec/v1.1/levels.md

</dl>
</section>

## Source track

The SLSA Source track describes increasing levels of trustworthiness and
completeness in a repository revision's provenance. Provenance describes
what Source Control Provider produced the revision, what process was used,
and who the contributors were. The lowest level only requires the provenance
to exist, while higher levels provide increasing protection against tampering
of the version control system, the provenance, or the revision.

The primary purpose of the source track is to enable verification that the
revision followed the expected process. Consumers have some way of knowing

> what the expected provenance should look like for a given package and then

Reviewer: ```suggestion
what the expected provenance should look like for a given source revision and then
```

Author: Thanks. Added to the commit

</dl>
</section>

## Source track

The SLSA Source track describes increasing levels of trustworthiness and
completeness in a repository revision's provenance. Provenance describes
what Source Control Provider produced the revision, what process was used,
and who the contributors were. The lowest level only requires the provenance
to exist, while higher levels provide increasing protection against tampering
of the version control system, the provenance, or the revision.

The primary purpose of the source track is to enable verification that the
revision followed the expected process. Consumers have some way of knowing
what the expected provenance should look like for a given source revision and

> then compare each source revision's actual provenance to those expectations.

Reviewer 2: I have a hard time parsing this sentence. I assume this is meant to say that this is also what the source track enables but it doesn't say that and seems to simple state a fact, that's actually not one.

Doing so prevents several classes of supply chain threats, mainly threats from

> A to C in the SLSA Supply Chain threats model.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A to C in the [SLSA Supply Chain threats model](threats-overview.md).
```

<section id="source-l0">

### Source L0: No guarantees

<dl class="as-table">
<dt>Summary<dd>

No requirements---L0 represents the lack of SLSA.

<dt>Intended for<dd>

n/a

<dt>Requirements<dd>

n/a

<dt>Benefits<dd>

n/a

</dl>
</section>

<section id="source-l1">

### Source L1: Change Tracking

<dl class="as-table">
<dt>Summary<dd>

The project source is stored and managed through a version control system.

<dt>Intended for<dd>

Organizations that are unwilling or unable to host their source on a source
control platform.

<dt>Requirements<dd>

-   Version Controlled: Every change to the source MUST be tracked in a

>     version control system

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    version control system.
```

> -   Immutable references: A given revision ID MUST identify unequivocally a
>     given revision

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't this tie which revision this is about with something like:
```suggestion
-   Immutable references: A given revision ID MUST identify unequivocally that
    given revision
```

<dt>Benefits<dd>

> -   Makes easier for consumers the analysis of changes between two given
>     revisions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-   Makes the analysis of changes between two given revisions easier for
     consumers.
```

-   Revision ID can easily and safely identify a given source revision and
    thus be used, for example, in Build provenance.

</dl>
</section>

<section id="source-l2">

### Source L2: Verified History

<dl class="as-table">
<dt>Summary<dd>

The source code and its change history metadata are retained and authenticated
to allow trustworthy auditing and analysis of the source code.

<dt>Intended for<dd>

> Organizations that are unwilling or unable to incorporate code review into
> their software development practices.

Reviewer 2: I'm wondering whether this shouldn't be stronger and say "enforce" rather than "incorporate":
```suggestion
Organizations that are unwilling or unable to enforce code review into
their software development practices.
```

<dt>Requirements<dd>

All of [Source L1], plus:

-   Strong Authentication: Changes to the source MUST be made through strong
    authentication mechanisms:
    -   Directly: Access to the source is controlled by multi-factor
        authentication or equivalent mechanism.
    -   Indirectly: New revision is signed using a signature obtained
        through strong authentication.
-   Retained History: The revision and its change history are preserved
    indefinitely and cannot be deleted, except when subject to an established
    and transparent policy for obliteration, such as a legal or policy

>     requirement. In that later case, a justification should be emitted in

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    requirement. In that later case, a justification SHOULD be emitted in
```

    the form of a provenance or audit trace.

<dt>Benefits<dd>

All of [Source L1], plus:

> Attributes changes in the version history to specific actors and timestamps,
> which allows for post-auditing, incident response, and deterrence for bad
> actors. Strong authentication makes account compromise more difficult,
> further ensuring the integrity of change attribution.

Reviewer 2: I think these are 2 different benefits that should be split according to the respective requirements:
```suggestion
- Strong authentication makes account compromise more difficult,
   further ensuring the integrity of change attribution.
- Attributes changes in the version history to specific actors and timestamps,
   which allows for post-auditing, incident response, and deterrence for bad
   actors. 
```

</dl>
</section>

<section id="source-l3">

### Source L3: Changes are authorized

<dl class="as-table">
<dt>Summary<dd>

Every change in the revision’s history was agreed to by two trusted entities
prior to submission, and both of these trusted entities were strongly
authenticated.

<dt>Intended for<dd>

Enterprise projects and mature open source projects.

<dt>Requirements<dd>

All of [Source L2], plus:

Informed Review: The reviewer is able and encouraged to make an informed

> decision about what they’re approving. The reviewer MUST be presented with
> a full, meaningful content diff between the proposed revision and the
> previously reviewed revision. For example, it is not sufficient to just

Reviewer 2: For the MUST to make sense in terms of compliance the reviewer cannot be the subject. This sentence needs to be reversed:
```suggestion
decision about what they’re approving. A full, meaningful content diff between
the proposed revision and the previously reviewed revision MUST be
presented to the reviewer. For example, it is not sufficient to just
```

indicate that a file changed without showing the contents.

<dt>Benefits<dd>

All of [Source L2], plus:

> Since all changes have been agreed to by at least two distinct trusted
> entities, a compromise of a single entity does not result in compromise
> of the project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since all changes have to be agreed to by at least two distinct trusted
entities, a compromise of a single entity is not sufficient to compromise
the project.
```
